1.	Which of the following is true about domestic and export trade?
A.	Export trade involves the payment of custom duties in importing country
B.	Local trade usually involves the payment of foreign currency 
C.	Local trade involves more documentation than export trade 
D.	Export trade does not involve transport across borders 
E.	Local trade is subject to higher risk than export trade 
Ans:A

2.	Which of the following is correct about the benefits of exportation to a business?
A.	Increase in sales volume and revenues 
B.	Diversification of market risk
C.	Help in offsetting any lag in domestic demand
D.	All of the above 
E.	None of the above
Ans:D

3.	Which of these countries is not among the top 10 export markets for Nigerian products?
A.	India 
B.	China 
C.	Brazil 
D.	South Africa 
E.	France 
Ans:B

4.	Which of these products is among the top 10 export products from Nigeria?
A.	Cocoa
B.	Sesame seed
C.	Crude oil 
D.	All of the above 
E.	None of the above
Ans:D

5.	Which of these is not a major environmental factor to be considered in export markets?
A.	Culture
B.	Economy 
C.	Competition 
D.	Politics 
E.	None of the above
Ans:E

6.	Which of these world bank categorisations of gross national income is correct?
A.	Low-income economies (GNI per capita < US$976) 
B.	Lower middle-income economies (GNI per capita US$976–3,855)
C.	Upper middle-income economies (GNI per capita US$3,856-11,906)
D.	All of the above 
E.	None of the above
Ans:D

7.	Which of these is correct about 


competition and 
coopetition?
A.	Coopetition involves both cooperation and 

competition 
between rival companies 
B.	In Partnering there is high competition and low cooperation between rival companies 
C.	In Isolation there is high competition and high cooperation between rival companies 
D.	In Adapting there is low competition and low cooperation between rival companies 
E.	In Contending there is low competition and high cooperation between rival companies 
Ans:A

8.	Which of these is political or legal constraints to be considered in the export market?
A.	Exchange control restrictions 
B.	Profit remission restrictions Import-Export restrictions 
C.	Power or economic bloc grouping 
D.	International investment restrictions 
E.	All of the above 
Ans:E

9.	Which of these is not a tool in the hand of government for regulating importation?
A.	Tariff 
B.	License 
C.	Quota 
D.	Extra taxes 
E.	None of the above
Ans:E

10.	Which of the following is true about economic integration?
A.	Custom union involves removal of internal tariff 
B.	Free trade areas involve common external tariff 
C.	Common market involves harmonisation of economic policy
D.	Political union involves political integration 
E.	None of the above
Ans:D

